hey guys here's welcoming all your chic
and stylish people on bollywood fashion
funda with me nihon today we bring to
you the hot garam masala Jory or rather
I should say the desi boys you guessed
it right it's akshay kumar and john
abraham have you guys noticed those four
per banker shots this fourth in the
title track of the film soon is going to
be a big big big craze for such banker
shirts come let's take a quick look at
these banker shirts are basically formal
shirt with a white collar and white calf
and we can either be born with a thigh
minus the blazer or with the blazer for
that proper corporate look okay over
here will replace the original white
collar and cuff anchor shot with a
contemporary style with a black collar
and a black calf just like the way they
see boys we're in a title track I'm sure
you guys remember this purple shots
where the tear of their arms and oil
don't you remember that so we just try
to play around with the colors and gone
to a cool blue over here over you
haven't experimented even with those
fancy banker sure instead of black I've
played around with the color red but
since red is a very loud and flashy
color many guys would not be comfortable
flaunting a red collar probably so you
can see our use the red portion on the
inside of the collar just so that it
doesn't look too loud but yes of course
we can go with it on the count so guys
remember we can also play with different
fabrics we just want need to restrict
ourselves to cotton we can also play
around with silks satins and maybe even
leather to go even more stylish and
create a style statement so guys the
next time you go shopping remember to
make some noise for the desi boys so go
fashionable with me Lena on bollywood
fashion casa
Oh